Okay, let's grab the Svelteflix
logo from the publish site.
We'll just open Dev Tools,
select that element, Find
that image and just open it in a new tab.
And I'm gonna save that into my workspace.
I'm gonna create it in a lib directory
to keep it out of my routes folder.
I'm gonna create a new
folder called images.
I'm just gonna drop it in
there with the name of logo.
Right, and you can now see that in
our project source/lib/images/logo.
And I'm gonna reference this
inside my layout.svelte,
By importing it as if it were a module.
Import logo from $lib/images/logo.svg.
And this is gonna tell Vite to grab
a reference to that SVG file and
treat it as an asset that will get
a unique hash name added to it,
so that it can be cached immutably.
So inside that link,
we'll create an image with
an alt attribute of SvelteFlix and
a source of that logo value.
Right now, we can't see it and
I suspect that's because we haven't
added a height to the element.
Okay, so it looks like we need to add an
explicit height on that image element, so
let's do that.
Right, and we'll just polish this off
a little bit by adding some more of
a gap between the links on the right
Okay, so we have the beginnings
of a user interface.
We're gonna add a main element for
each individual page,
just drop a slot in there.
And then at the bottom,
we'll add a footer,
Which is gonna contain this
text "Data provided by".
And then we'll have a link
to the movie database.
So this is where all of this
information is coming from.
TMDB is an API that you can use in your
own applications to build any app that
involves data about movies and also TV
shows, and the people who are in them.
It has an API with some
developer documentation,
which hopefully I can find down here.
So we'll be referring to this
page as we build the application.
Yes, I have a question from the crowd.
>> Is there a good way to refer to
things like the logo or site CSS so
that if the file name changes for
cache busting,
some external site can still refer
to the URL without it changing?
>> So if you wanted the logo to be at
a persistent URL, so that it could be used
externally, then instead of
having it in your source folder,
what you could do is put
it in your static folder.
So let's take this images directory and
put that there,
and then just comment out that import.
And instead of using this logo value,
we'll just hard code static,
sorry, images/logo.svg.
And that will look the same,
the only difference is that that
file will not be cached immutably,
it will always be accessible at that URL.
And so that's something that we do
typically with things like favicons.
But any image that you want
to be cached immutably,
you should have that in your
source directory instead.
So we're gonna add a link
to the movie database,
since they've been kind enough
to provide this information.
Just grab that, drop that in there.
And then, once again, we're just gonna
grab this SVG from the publish site,
save it into our app, As tmdb.svg.
Gonna put that logo back where it was.
And we'll duplicate this line.
We'll grab a reference to that other SVG,
and we'll drop that inside that link.
One last little bit of CSS and then we
can start building the page itself.